ah no you need to spend more time here
with a family where are you going be
back before dinner
be careful out there no boy got a
covered by I just want to escape dad
always wanted me to travel the world
someday
[Music]
Oh who's the Yeti on my roof
hey boy or girl
yeah you're definitely a boy I don't
know where you came from
he escaped
I want my Yeti back is that your home no
way
[Music]
and who make sure you get home work to
your family ever just a kid stop
yourself this is you and your parents
know you have your mother's eyes there
are people looking for you you can do
magic
this is impossible I wish dad were here
to see this yeah ma Beijing is great Oh
thing is uh thanks fine
was this your dad's violin my dad used
to play for me every night like he was
telling me that no matter how hard the
journey gets never give up it's
beautiful
you did that II I did
when he sets her mind on something
nothing is impossible
[Music]
I've got blueberries in places where
blueberries should never be
[Music]